well howdy there you don't have people
it's bubble again so today we're gonna
talk about a school in Michigan we're
gonna talk about a school in Michigan we
are going to talk about solutions
because one of you tweeted me the plans
to the school cost 48 million dollars
after seeing the article I went and
found every article every piece of
information I could find about it
where the comment sections under those
articles there are two kinds of replies
to it one was this is sad and it is and
the other was mocking it the school is
specifically designed to mitigate the
effects of an attack
back in January I got a message from a
teacher asking about being armed at
school sometimes making these videos I
get frustrated I get angry this is the
only one I've ever been distressed yeah
because this person was looking for
advice and schools the way they're
designed it makes it very very very hard
to defend them makes it hard to mitigate
anything that happens there those long
hallways there they're what we would
call fatal funnels it's not a good place
to be those large open areas there's no
cover you can hear the distress in my
voice because I'm trying to be positive
and give the best advice I can but deep
down I know this is completely
ineffective
this design in Michigan fixes all of
this to the person who designed it your
schoolhouse rocks okay fixes all of that
they curve the hallways the curves the
hallways limits the line of sight and
limits how far a bullet can travel it's
genius they put in cover and they fixed
everything I'll put the video in the
comment section you can listen to it
every single design flaw I pointed out
they fixed this the architect went out
and found somebody who knew what they
were talking about and said tell me
every problem with the school's design
and I'm gonna fix it and then they did
they did that school will save lives
that design will save lies if there is
an incident there and I'm certain that
other schools will copy it so that
architect saved lies there's no doubt in
my mind they came up with a solution
they came up with something to mitigate
a problem that we are facing
and I know right now somebody is saying
well the simple solution is take the
guns what if we are so sick as a society
that there is no magic pill an
accountant will recently message me told
me I needed to use more numbers
quantified things better I'm going to
try that now the US has more guns than
people our current population is 327
million we're going to round down and
say 320 million guns magic pill guns are
banned half of Americans decide to
voluntarily turn in their firearms 160
million off the street bang now keep in
mind when Rhode Island banned mom stocks
precisely zero people turn them in when
New Jersey banned bump stocks precisely
zero people turn them in Massachusetts
did better they got three but we're
gonna say because it's for the kids half
of Americans are going to turn them in
so we got 160 million left out on the
street it's important the feds are gonna
pay for 30,000 new cops who are going to
work seven days a week and they're gonna
get a gun every single day impossible
task but we're going to say it's
happening even with all of that a
kindergartner today will be a junior in
college before the guns are going
the magic pill isn't so magic the
magnitude of the problem we are facing
in this country is a lot bigger than I
think most people realize we aren't the
other countries that were successful at
doing this or our problem is a lot
bigger we have to come up with as many
solutions like this school as we can
while we start to address the root
causes when we start to address the fact
that people don't know how to cope with
little bumps in the road in their life
stressors and when they get multiple
ones some of them if they have the right
background they end up going down this
road we need to make mental health care
available early not just once there's an
identifiable problem we need to address
the misconceptions about masculinity in
this country all of this is going to
take time but it's going to take less
than 15 years and in the meantime we
need every solution like this we can
come up with this is going to save lives
it is sad that it's necessary but we
didn't get to this point in one fell
swoop we're not going to get out of it
with one fell swoop and there's a lot of
politicians out there that right now are
running around promising this magic pill
reminds me of that that old saying you
know guys like well it's gonna be $600 I
have the kind of cash on me can't write
a check oh you'll take a check I thought
you wanted money
they can promise anything but there's no
magic in the pill we are going to have
to go down a long road to fix this
problem and if we're going to go down a
long road why not go down that long road
and actually address the root causes
rather than just the means anyway it's
just the fault you know I have a good
day